Python 3 license
================

*PYTHON SOFTWARE FOUNDATION LICENSE VERSION 2*

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between the Python Software Foundation
   (“PSF”), and the Individual or Organization (“Licensee”) accessing
   and otherwise using this software (“Python”) in source or binary form
   and its associated documentation.

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement, PSF
   hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-wide
   license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display publicly,
   prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use Python alone
   or in any derivative version, provided, however, that PSF’s License
   Agreement and PSF’s notice of copyright, i.e., “Copyright (c) 2001,
   2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Python Software Foundation; All Rights
   Reserved” are retained in Python alone or in any derivative version
   prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on or
   incorporates Python or any part thereof, and wants to make the
   derivative work available to others as provided herein, then Licensee
   hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief summary of the
   changes made to Python.

4. PSF is making Python available to Licensee on an “AS IS” basis. PSF
   MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. BY WAY OF
   EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, PSF MAKES NO AND DISCLAIMS ANY
   REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY
   PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF PYTHON WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY
   THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. PSF SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF PYTHON FOR
   ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS AS A RESULT
   OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING PYTHON, OR ANY
   DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a material
   breach of its terms and conditions.

7. Nothing in this License Agreement shall be deemed to create any
   relationship of agency, partnership, or joint venture between PSF and
   Licensee. This License Agreement does not grant permission to use PSF
   trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or promote
   products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using Python, Licensee agrees to
   be bound by the terms and conditions of this License Agreement.

The Python Imaging Library (PIL)
================================

The Python Imaging Library (PIL) is

*Copyright © 1997-2011 by Secret Labs AB*

*Copyright © 1995-2011 by Fredrik Lundh*

By obtaining, using, and/or copying this software and/or its associated
documentation, you agree that you have read, understood, and will comply
with the following terms and conditions:

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
associated documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby
granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears in all copies,
and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation, and that the name of Secret Labs AB or the
author not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to
distribution of the software without specific, written prior permission.

SECRET LABS AB AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL SECRET LABS AB OR THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR
ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER
RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Tcl/Tk License Terms
====================

This software is copyrighted by the Regents of the University of
California, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Scriptics Corporation, and other
parties. The following terms apply to all files associated with the
software unless explicitly disclaimed in individual files.

The authors hereby grant permission to use, copy, modify, distribute,
and license this software and its documentation for any purpose,
provided that existing copyright notices are retained in all copies and
that this notice is included verbatim in any distributions. No written
agreement, license, or royalty fee is required for any of the authorized
uses. Modifications to this software may be copyrighted by their authors
and need not follow the licensing terms described here, provided that
the new terms are clearly indicated on the first page of each file where
they apply.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR DISTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR
DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, ITS DOCUMENTATION, OR ANY DERIVATIVES
THEREOF, EVEN IF THE AUTHORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGE.

THE AUTHORS AND DISTRIBUTORS SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, AND THE AUTHORS AND
DISTRIBUTORS HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO PROVIDE MAINTENANCE, SUPPORT,
UPDATES, ENHANCEMENTS, OR MODIFICATIONS.

GOVERNMENT USE: If you are acquiring this software on behalf of the U.S.
government, the Government shall have only “Restricted Rights” in the
software and related documentation as defined in the Federal Acquisition
Regulations (FARs) in Clause 52.227.19 (c) (2). If you are acquiring the
software on behalf of the Department of Defense, the software shall be
classified as “Commercial Computer Software” and the Government shall
have only “Restricted Rights” as defined in Clause 252.227-7013 (c) (1)
of DFARs. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the authors grant the U.S.
Government and others acting in its behalf permission to use and
distribute the software in accordance with the terms specified in this
license.

hitherdither-library
====================

https://github.com/hbldh/hitherdither library used

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2020 Henrik Blidh

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

argparse
========

https://github.com/bewest/argparse library used

argparse is (c) 2006-2009 Steven J. Bethard steven.bethard@gmail.com.

The argparse module was contributed to Python as of Python 2.7 and thus
was licensed under the Python license. Same license applies to all files
in the argparse package project.

For details about the Python License, please see doc/Python-License.txt.

History
-------

Before (and including) argparse 1.1, the argparse package was licensed
under Apache License v2.0.

After argparse 1.1, all project files from the argparse project were
deleted due to license compatibility issues between Apache License 2.0
and GNU GPL v2.

The project repository then had a clean start with some files taken from
Python 2.7.1, so definitely all files are under Python License now.
